---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

# Past Week
Learned about Darwin Project. It seems fine, honestly it seems pretty easy, which is nice because we ain't got time for this right now. Also, definitely 312 rehash minus classes so that's fun. Also prepared for a Compilers test this week, jk I crammed for five hours right before the test.

# What is in my way
I finally got an offer for a job somewhere so honestly motivation was difficult to find for a little bit. Did you know you only lose 10% per day in Mobile computing and Compilers for every day that your project is late?? That's nothing if you consider the projects' relative weight and have a good grade in the class already. So anyway here I am just starting my Mobile computing project that was due three days ago, and I finished the Compilers one two (three?) days late so that's fun. In fact, this class was the only one that I finished on time, and that was only because I thought the last project would take way longer than it did. Oh yeah I have to read all of Frankenstein in the next two days, oh God.

# What will you do next week
HALLOWWWEEEEEEEEnNnN

# Tips and Miscellaneous Advice/Drivel
Read the instructions for the project before you ask questions that will make someone say "Did you read the instructions?", like it's so easy to.

# Appreciation
Job-full == Stress-free
Also, since it looks like I'm Seattle bound I need to start going outside and figuring out what this sun object is before I don't see it at all for several years.

# Grievances
Worked out legs for the first time in three weeks (thanks interviews) and now I can't walk.

# Praise be
To Google Calendar