---
layout: post
title: Week One Software Engineering
---

# Past Week
The first week of classes. Luckily, managed to be adequately productive. We went over mostly syllabus stuff in classes but we learned some about a Python Testing framework in Software Engineering.

# What is in my way
I just got the books for the class so now I have a bunch of reading to do. Also four CS classes, bartending, and TAing for OS is going to make this sememester very busy.

# What will you do next week
Hopefully be able to get some homeworks done long before they are due so things don't begin to pile up over me. Also would love to find the motivation to go the gym in the morning.

# Tips and Miscellaneous Advice/Drivel
DO THE BLOG. I have taken a Downing class before (OOP) and have been told by numerous, numerous people to do the blog. You are ALWAYS on the edge of some grading border and this is such an easy way to tip you over. Also don't miss a bunch of class, attendance grades definitely brought my grade from an A to a B in OOP last semester. Also, I know we don't have to use Docker in this class, but every every time I have mentioned that I know how to use Docker (because of OOP), the interviewer's mouth begins to water. Take it as you will, but it seems like a very pertinent and easy to learn tool nowadays.

# Appreciation
Enjoy not being busy now, for soon come incredible amounts of homework and interview season round two.

# Note
I wrote an entire (small) program in machine code for Advanced Architecture and thank god for abstraction amirite?