---
layout: post
title: Week Two Software Engineering
---

# Past Week
Went over white- and black-box testing. Learned about the read eval print loop (REPL) learned that although Java has overloading, Python does NOT. We then learned about makefiles, coverage, range in python, ways functions can communicate, that ctrl-d signals EOF to standar in. Lastly we learned that in Python, when you assign to a var it will assume it is local without the "global" keyword.

# What is in my way
Need to make Collatz faster. I think someone helped me think of a way though using a meta cache so I am excited to try and see if that works in the morning.

# What will you do next week
Finish Collatz, project for Advanced Architecture, start new project for Multicore, get hella swole.

# Tips and Miscellaneous Advice/Drivel
Travis has an amazing tool for debugging where you can ssh into the container they are using to run your program and change whatever you want to change and then of course you can run make whatever in their container and it will do it. A caveat though is that it takes you to before the installation script runs in your .travis.yml file so you have to pip install some of them, but I am sure this can be easily rectified by changes to the .travis.yml and even if not it's trivial to type those like three commands you need to install what you need. This functionality saved me hours of work last semester and I cannot recommend it highly enough.

# Appreciation
Bad allergies now makes you appreciate when you could breath out of your nose.

# Note
I made two LEDs blink on a PandaBoard hellyeh.